want to know what's heating up theaters
this weekend I have no more family in
the foreigner a grieving businessman
seeks justice after his daughter is
killed in a terrorist attack you have no
idea who you're dealing with yes I do
do you in happy deathday
a college student is forced to relive
the last 24 hours of her life to find
her killer freedoms even have to fight
for a future Supreme Court justice
helped to define his career by defending
an innocent man in Marshall the only way
to get through a biggest duel was to
break it down see what's hot in theaters
with this week's fantasy patient so
what's your weekend ticket going to be
let us know by commenting see you next
time on weekend ticket
[Music]